1.
A machine learning task is the type of prediction or inference being made, 
based on the problem or question that is being asked, and the available data. For example,
 the classification task assigns data to categories, and the clustering task groups data according to similarity.
To make the process easier, data preprocessing is divided into four stages: data cleaning,
 data integration, data reduction, and data transformation.
2. 
Quantitative data can be counted, measured, and expressed using numbers. Qualitative data is descriptive and conceptual.
 Qualitative data can be categorized based on traits and characteristics.
Brand names of shoes in a consumer survey and eye colors are examples of qualitative data.
 Heights of students and quiz scores are examples of quantitative data.
3.
Some examples of numerical data are height, length, size, weight, and so on. 
The quantitative data can be classified into two different types based on the data sets.
 The two different classifications of numerical data are discrete data and continuous data.
4.
Noisy data, incomplete data, inaccurate data, and unclean data lead to less accuracy in classification and low-quality results. 
Hence, data quality can also be considered as a major common problem while processing machine learning algorithms.
5.
Data exploration is the first step of data analysis used to explore and visualize data to uncover insights from the start or identify areas or patterns to dig into more. 
Using interactive dashboards and point-and-click data exploration,
 users can better understand the bigger picture and get to insights faster.
6.
Replacing With Arbitrary Value. ...
Replacing With Mode. ...
Replacing With Median. ...
Replacing with previous value – Forward fill. ...
Replacing with next value – Backward fill. ...
Interpolation. ...
Impute the Most Frequent Value
To  fix the missing values in case the data distribution is symmetric. 
Consider using median or mode with skewed data distribution. 
Pandas Dataframe method in Python such as fillna can be used to replace the missing values.
7.
When dealing with missing data,
 data scientists can use two primary methods to solve the error: imputation or the removal of data. 
The imputation method develops reasonable guesses for missing data.
 It's most useful when the percentage of missing data is low.
8.
Data preprocessing is the process of transforming raw data into an understandable format. 
Feature selection is simply selecting and excluding given features without changing them.
 Dimensionality reduction transforms features into a lower dimension.
9
1.
The interquartile range (IQR) measures the spread of the middle half of your data. 
It is the range for the middle 50% of your sample. 
Use the IQR to assess the variability where most of your values lie.
 Larger values indicate that the central portion of your data spread out further.
2.
The box in the box plot will show the median and the first and third quartiles. 
The length of the upper whisker is the largest value that is no greater than the third quartile plus 1.5 times 
the interquartile range. In this case,
 the third quartile plus 1.5 times IQR is 10 + 1.5*6 = 19.
The distance between the upper (75th percentile) and lower (25th percentile) lines of the box is 
called the inter-quartile range (IQR). IQR is a popular measure of spread.
 A line is drawn inside the box at the median (the 50th percentile).
10.
2.The interquartile range tells  the spread of the middle half of the distribution. 
Quartiles segment any distribution that's ordered from low to high into four equal parts.
 The interquartile range (IQR) contains the second and third quartiles, or the middle half of the data set.
3.
Cross-tabulation (also cross-tabulation or crosstab) is one of the most useful analytical tools 
and a mainstay of the market research industry.
 Cross-tabulation analysis, also known as contingency table analysis,
 is most often used to analyze categorical (nominal measurement scale) data.
11.
1.
Nominal data is classified without a natural order or rank, whereas ordinal data has a predetermined or natural order. 
On the other hand, numerical or quantitative data will always be a number that can be measured.
2.
Histograms are a special kind of bar graph that shows a bar for a range of data values instead of a single value. 
A box plot is a data display that draws a box over a number line to show the interquartile range of the data.
 The 'whiskers' of a box plot show the least and greatest values in the data set.
3.
The mean (average) of a data set is found by adding all numbers in the data set 
and then dividing by the number of values in the set.
 The median is the middle value when a data set is ordered from least to greatest.
 The mode is the number that occurs most often in a data set.

